# Material Management Application

## Use-case
The application will allow a user to create wood working materials. The application will be used by romanian users, all the labels will be in romanian. 
The user will be able to create a new material. 
## Materials
Materials are woodworking items that are used to create furniture. Each material has a name, a unique id (alphanumeric) that will be generated by the application when the material is created and a description and timestamps for when it was created and when it was last modified.  
Materials have 2 types: 
- prime materials
- worked materials
Materials have 3 states:
- Received
- Work in progress
- Delivered
Materials can have other materials listed as components
## Views
- Home page - List of materials: 
  - All the materials added to the app will be displayed on this screen. There are filters for the state of the material and for the timestamps.
  - There will be a button to load a preset list of materials to use as a demo.
  - There is a button that will launch a QR code scanner. When scanning a QR code with this scanner, the "Material Details" view with the scanned material opened
- Material Details: 
  - This view will show all the information about a material. 
  - This view will contain a button to delete the material
  - This view will contain a button to add a component by scanning a QR code
- Material export label:
  - This view will contain all the components recursively until prime materials are found.

## API
The application will store data in the local storage for the demo. 
The structure of the API will allow a quick change from the local storage to a SQL database. 
